Police public API (#4623)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/newsfragments/4623.removal.1.rst

> :class:`.Range`, :class:`.Logic`, :class:`.LogicArray`, and :class:`.Array` are now only available on the :mod:`cocotb.types` module and their more specific modules are now private.

Author: ```suggestion
:class:`.Range`, :class:`.Logic`, :class:`.LogicArray`, and :class:`.Array` are now only available on the :mod:`cocotb.types` module and their implementation modules are now private.
```
